NO RISK, NO REWARD--
THIS WEEK, THE SUMMER'S MOTTO
HAS NEVER BEEN MORE TRUE.
WELCOME TO LIVE EVICTION NIGHT
ON "BIG BROTHER"!
PREVIOUSLY ON
"BIG BROTHER": SARAH BEASTED HER
WAY TO POWER.
CONGRATULATIONS,
SARAH BETH.
YOU ARE THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
SO LOOKING TO
PROTECT HIS SECRET COOKOUT
ALLIANCE, HER BESTIE KYLAND
PUSHED HER TO TARGET DEREK X.
IN TERMS OF HIS THREAT LEVEL
TO YOU AND I, HE'S THE HIGHEST,
MOST IMMINENT.
IDEALLY, I CAN CONVINCE SARAH
BETH TO TAKE OUT THE BIGGEST
THREAT TO THE COOKOUT, DEREK X.
AND SARAH BETH
PUT UP TWO PAWNS WITH HER SIGHTS
SET ON A BACKDOOR.
I NOMINATED DEREK F. AND
CLAIRE, BUT I'M REALLY LOOKING
AT DEREK X.
THE HIGH ROLLERS
ROOM REOPENED, AND DX DECLINED A
CHANCE TO COMPETE FOR SAFETY.
I AM NOT PLAYING THE
ROULETTE.
I'M GOING TO KEEP SAVING AND
WE'RE GOING FOR THAT COIN OF
SKINNY.
BUT ALYSSA
SEIZED THE MOMENT AND WON
CHOPPING BLOCK ROULETTE.
ALYSSA!
YOU ARE SAFE FOR THE WEEK.
WITH THE
SWIMWEAR DESIGNER SAVING DEREK
F....
WHO WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE
OFF THE BLOCK?
WOULD LIKE TO TAKE DEREK
OFF THE BLOCK.
THANK YOU.
...A SPIN OF THE
WHEEL PUT ANOTHER COOKOUT MEMBER
ON THE HOT SEAT.
XAVIER, YOU ARE NOW NOMINATED
FOR EVICTION.
PLEASE TAKE A SEAT.
AFTER DX HAD A
CHAT WITH S.B. ABOUT HER PLANS.
DO YOU KNOW IF YOU WOULD WANT
TO USE THE VETO?
I'M JUST HOPING I CAN WIN
BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT
TO DO, BUT I WOULD RATHER-- I
HAVE MY OPTIONS, YOU KNOW,.
YEAH, YEAH.
HE FINALLY
REALIZED HE WAS IN TROUBLE.
THIS GIRL DOESN'T TELL ME
ANYTHING.
I DON'T TRUST HER AT ALL RIGHT
NOW.
I FEEL LIKE THE BIGGEST IDIOT ON
THE PLANET BECAUSE I COULD HAVE
PLAYED THE STUPID WHEEL.
NOW I COULD GET BACKDOORED.
AND HIS WORST
NIGHTMARE CAME TRUE WHEN HE
WASN'T PICKED TO PLAY VETO.
MY NAME DIDN'T GET DRAWN AND
NOW I CAN'T PLAY TO SECURE MY
OWN SAFETY.
AT THE VETO
COMPETITION, "X" CLAIMED THE
POWER...
XAVIER HAS WON THE GOLDEN
POWER OF VETO.
...AND THREE
PUNISHMENTS.
B.B. BANKRUPTCY.
OH, MY GOSH.
STRATEGY SHUTDOWN, AND HE'LL
BECOME THE THIRD NOMINEE AT THE
NEXT AVAILABLE OPPORTUNITY.
AFTER XAVIER
SAVED HIMSELF AT THE VETO
MEETING...
I HAVE DECIDED TO USE THE
POWER OF VETO ON MYSELF.
...S.B. STUCK TO
HER BACKDOOR PLAN.
DEREK X., PLEASE TAKE A SEAT.
TONIGHT, WITH
THE COOKOUT DIVIDED ON WHO
SHOULD BE THE TARGET, WILL IT BE
BABY "D" OR CLAIRE SENT TO JURY?
AND WHO WILL BE THE NEXT TO
CAPTURE THE HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD?
FIEND OUT LIVE RIGHT NOW ON "BIG
BROTHER"!
PLACE YOUR BETS, PLACE YOUR
BETS.
ME.
DX!
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JULIE CHEN MOONVES.
WELCOME TO "BIG BROTHER."
IT'S DAY 51 INSIDE THE "BIG
BROTHER" HOUSE, AND HISTORY
SEEMS POISED TO REPEAT ITSELF.
FOR THE SECOND WEEK IN A ROW,
CHOOSING NOT TO GAMBLE IN THE
HIGH ROLLERS ROOM HAS PUT A
HOUSEGUEST IN DANGER.
AS A RESULT, THE ONCE-CONFIDENT
DEREK X. NOW FINDS HIMSELF ON
THE CHOPPING BLOCK NEXT TO
CLAIRE, ONE OF HIS CLOSEST
ALLIES, AS PART OF SARAH BETH'S
BACKDOOR PLAN.
SO, WHO WILL ULTIMATELY BE
WALKING UP ON THE THE FRONT
DOOR?
WE'LL FIND OUT SOON ENOUGH.
BUT FIRST, THE COOKOUT MAY BE
RUNNING THE GAME, BUT WHO STAYS
AND WHO GOES TONIGHT WILL
DETERMINE WHO'S REALLY RUNNING
THE COOKOUT.
THIS VETO MEETING IS
ADJOURNED.
IT'S FUNNY, DEREK X. THOUGHT
THAT BY TAKE OUT CHRISTIAN, HE
WOULD BE TAKING OUT THE BIGGEST
COMPETITOR IN THIS GAME.
WHAT HE DOESN'T REALIZE IS THE
BIGGEST COMPETITOR IS STILL IN
THIS HOUSE, AND IT'S THE MAIN
PERSON WHO TARGETED HIM SINCE
CHRISTIAN WENT OUT THE DOOR.
SEE YOU LATER, BABY D.
RIGHT NOW, IT'S ME VERSUS
DEREK X., AND AS MUCH AS I ADORE
HIM, HE DEFINITELY IS MY BEST
CHANCE AT STAYING.
HE'S SUCH A HUGE PHYSICAL
THREAT, I DEFINITELY BELIEVE
THAT AT THIS MOMENT, THE HOUSE
DOES WANT DEREK X. OUT.
DEREK X. IS ON THE BLOCK.
I CAN LET OUT A SIGH OF RELIEF.
I FEEL CONFIDENT I HAVE THE
VOTES, AND DEREK X. SHOULD BE
PACKING HIS BAGS.
CLAIRE IS MY GIRL.
BUT I REALLY HAVE TO THINK
WHAT'S BEST FOR MY GAME.
DEREK X. IS A REALLY CLOSE ALLY
OF MINE.
HE'S LIKE A TOTAL COMP BEAST,
AND HE WOULD NEVER COME FOR ME,
SO HE PROBABLY WOULD BE ABLE TO
GET ME FURTHER IN THIS GAME.
HAD TO USE IT, HUH.
SORRY, BUDDY.
HAD TO USE IT.
S.B. BACKDOORS ME AND I'M A
LITTLE PISSED.
I LOST TO HER BY A FRACTION OF A
SECOND IN THE H.O.H. AND I
COULDN'T EVEN PLAY IN THE VETO.
THE WORST PART IS I'M SITTING
NEXT TO ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS
IN THIS HOUSE, CLAIRE, ON THE
BLOCK.
BUT I HAVE NOT GIVEN UP YET THAT
I'M DEFINITELY LEAVING THIS
WEEK.
LET'S GO TALK.
ALL RIGHT.
SO WHAT SHOULD WE DO THIS
WEEK?
DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD SEND
CLAIRE HOME THIS WEEK AND KEEP
DX?
DX WILL KEEP ALL OF US SAFE.
I WAS THINKING HE WOULD TAKE
OUT ALYSSA AND S.B.
IT'S LITERALLY BEING HANDED
TO US ON A SILVER PLATTER.
WHY?
WHY WOULD WE KEEP THE STRONGEST
COMPETITOR OUTSIDE OF THE
COOKOUT AROUND?
NOW I'VE GOT TO GO TO WORK ON
TIFFANY AND AZAH.
SO...
IF THIS WERE MY PERSONAL
- GAME, BABY D.
- WOULD STAY, BECAUSE
THE TARGET HE IS DEAD SET ON
MAKING SURE TO GET OUT IS S.B.
>
> OKAY, I HEAR YOU.
I THINK AZAH IS BACK ON BOARD
WITH VOTING OUT DEREK X.
SOMETHING TELLS ME TIFFANY IS
NOT GOING TO BE AS EASY TO
PERSUADE AS AZAH.
HONESTLY.
YES?
IF I WASN'T AFRAID OF Y'ALL
BEING MAD AT ME.
I KNOW.
IT WOULDN'T EVEN BE A
QUESTION.
I KNOW.
SHE'S LIKE, "I KEEP FINDING
MYSELF TALKING TO OTHER PEOPLE
IN THE SIX AND HAVING TO
CONVINCE THEM AS TO WHY THIS
WEEK IS THE IDEAL WEEK."
I THINK THAT FEELS UNFAIR TO
HER.
OKAY, BUT YOU CAN WALK AROUND
AND SAY THAT THIS IS MY PERSON,
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN OTHER
PEOPLE DON'T HAVE CONNECTIONS
WITH THESE PEOPLE IN THIS HOUSE.
OF COURSE, I AGREE.
NOBODY IS DISAGREEING WITH YOU.
SO WHAT WAS YOUR POINT?
OF COURSE I HAVE TALKED TO
HANNAH ABOUT THIS, AND I KNOW
THAT THEY WANT DEREK X. TO
LEAVE.
HOWEVER, I'M NOT GOING TO LET
KYLAND GUILTY TRIP ME ABOUT HOW
I FEEL REGARDING DEREK X.
STAYING IN THIS HOUSE.
I AM SO ANNOYED RIGHT NOW.
I FEEL LIKE YOU'RE HERE
THINKING WE WANT YOU TO AGREE.
IF THERE'S A CASE TO BE MADE,
LET'S TALK OUT THE CASE.
LET'S FIGURE IT OUT.
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I
THINK OR FEEL ABOUT IT IF IT IS
A UNANIMOUS DECISION OUTSIDE OF
MYSELF.
OKAY.
THERE ARE PROS AND CONS TO
EACH.
THAT'S WHAT I WANTED TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT.
D"X" LEAVING THIS WEEK, I
UNDERSTAND WHERE YOU GUYS ARE
COMING FROM WITH THAT.
I ALSO FEEL LIKE, YOU KNOW, WE
HAD NO IDEA THAT S.B. WOULD BE
THE ONE TO BE ABLE TO TAKE HIM
OUT.
SO HE'S NOT UNTOUCHABLE, BUT
WHATEVER Y'ALL WANT TO DO, I'M
FINE WITH THAT.
TIFFANY DOES SEEM A LITTLE
UPSET, BUT SHE DOES SEEM ON
BOARD WITH GETTING DEREK X. OUT
AT THIS POINT.
SO I FEEL LIKE MY JOB IS DONE.
PLAY THE GAME.
I PLAY THE GAME.
I'M TELLING XAVIER AND KYLAND
WHATEVER THEY NEED TO HEAR SO
THIS CONVERSATION CAN BE DONE.
THE CONVERSATION IS OVER, BUT
THE GAME IS STILL ON.
I WAS READY TO FLIP IT FOR
CHRISTIAN.
I'M READY TO FLIP IT FOR DX, AND
THIS TIME, I MIGHT JUST GET WHAT
I WANT.
I CAME HERE TO PLAY A GAME.
I KNOW THEY WANT ME OUT OF HERE
FIRST.
AH...
WHO IS "THEY" YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT?
THE SIX.
7.
I WAS REALLY THINKING, LIKE,
IF THE LAST THREE COULD BE ME,
YOU, AND CHADDHA.
I LIKE THE GUYS, BUT THEY WOULD
BEAT US.
IF ANY ONE OF THEM GETS TO
THREE, WE DON'T HAVE A CHANCE.
I AGREE.
I THINK IF IT'S ME, YOU, AND
CHADDHA, THAT'S A FAIR FIGHT.
I AGREE.
THEY HAVE TOO MUCH ON THEIR
RESUME.
AND THEY THINK THAT THEY'RE
CARRYING US.
THESE GUYS WANT TO TAKE CREDIT
FOR RUNNING EVERYTHING.
HOWEVER, CAN THEY FORGET THAT
THE ONE WHO CAME UP WITH THE
MASTER PLAN?
AND, CLEARLY, IT'S WORKING.
NOW IT'S TIME TO START PLANNING
ON HOW THE READIES CAN TAKE THE
WHEEL.
AND I BELIEVE THAT STARTS BY
KEEPING DEREK X. IN THE HOUSE
THIS WEEK.
WE HAVE HALF THE SEASON TO
GO.
WE'VE GOT A LOT MORE TO BE ABLE
TO SHOW OURSELVES.
UP NEXT, XAVIER GETS
LOCKED AWAY.
COULD A DOOR OPEN FOR DEREK X.
TO STAY?
THE LIVE VOTE AND EVICTION IS
COMING UP.
PLUS, IT'S TIME TO CROWN A NEW
HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD.
THAT COMPETITION PLAYS OUT LIVE
TONIGHT.
STAY WITH US.
WITH TIFFANY BEHIND HIM, DEREK
X. LOOKS TO CHANGE HIS FATE.
WHY ARE YOU WALKING SO FAST?
I DON'T KNOW.
HANI IS JUST OUT HER HERE
CONNIVING.
HEY, GUYS, CAN I GET EVERYONE
TO GATHER IN THE LIVING ROOM?
XAVIER, ONE OF THE PUNISHMENTS
YOU TOOK IN THE VETO COMPETITION
WAS THE STRATEGY SHUTDOWN.
AND IT BEGINS NOW.
YOU WILL BE LOCKED IN THE
HAVE-NOT ROOM FOR THE NEXT 24
HOURS AND WON'T BE RELEASED
UNTIL JULY CALLS YOU DOWN TO
CAST YOUR LIVE EVICTION VOTE.
GRAB SOME FOOD AND WATER AND
HEAD UP TO THE ROOM NOW.
GOT IT.
FOR THE NEXT 24 HOURS, I WILL BE
FORCED TO STAY IN SOLITARY
CONFINEMENT.
BIEB, EVERYONE.
I'LL MISS YOU.
REMEMBER ME.
REMEMBER US!
IN THE HAVE-NOT ROOM BY MYSELF.
BYE, I LOVE YOU.
WE LOVE YOU, "X"!
I WILL HAVE A LUXURIOUS STAY
IN THE HAVE-NOT VILLA.
HOME, SWEET HOME.
I GUESS?
I WILL HAVE A LIMITED AMOUNT OF
FOOD, A TOILET, AND WATER.
MY TOILET IS...
A BUCKET.
B.B. GODS, PLEASE LET THE
COOKOUT KEEP IT TOGETHER FOR ONE
VOTE.
WE'RE JUST GOING TO DO THAT REAL
QUICK.
THIS AIN'T WORKING.
LOOK AT THAT.
I NEED FOUR VOTES TO STAY
THIS WEEK, AND RIGHT NOW I'M
COUNTING ON TIFFANY, HANNAH, AND
KYLAND.
I JUST NEED ONE MORE VOTE TO
STAY THIS WEEK, AND I THINK I
MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET IT FROM
AZAH.
IF THE GUYS ARE RUNNING THE
HOUSE, WE DON'T HAVE A CHANCE,
BUT YOU CAN BE THE ONE TO HELP
US.
AND IT COULD BE ME, YOU,
CHADDHA.
AZAH.
AT THE END.
I THINK YOU'VE GOT A CHANCE.
I DO HAVE A PITCH.
I THINK RIGHT NOW, PEOPLE VIEW
THE POWER BALANCE AS COUNTY,
S.B., AND ALYSSA.
I KNOW THAT IF I STAY IN THIS
GAME, I'M NOT LONG FOR THE GAME.
WHAT I WANT BEFORE I GO IS TO
LEVEL THE PLAYING FIELD FOR
EVERYONE ELSE.
LET'S SAY I AM ABLE TO TAKE OUT
TWO.
AND THEN THEY TAKE ME OUT.
I THINK THIS GAME LOOKS A LOT
BETTER FOR THE PEOPLE REMAINING.
I'M GOING TO THINK VERY LONG
AND HARD ON THIS, EXTREMELY,
EXTREMELY, EXTREMELY CONVINCING.
LIKE, FOR ME, I'VE ACCEPTED I
WON'T GO FAR IN THE SEASON.
AND I'M PERFECTLY OKAY WITH
THAT.
BUT I CARE ABOUT YOU.
I CARE ABOUT TIF.
I CARE ABOUT HANNAH.
COME HERE.
DEPRESSION KITTY.
NO, NO.
BABY "D" STAYING IN THE HOUSE
AND WILLING TO BE THAT SHIELD
COULD BE A GAME CHANGER.
ONE, IT KEEPS A LARGE TARGET IN
THE HOUSE THAT ALYSSA AND S.B.
CAN CONTINUE TO GO AFTER.
IT'S ALSO AN ALLY THAT I
HONESTLY HAVE COME TO REALLY
VALUE AND LOVE IN THE HOUSE.
I REALLY NEED TO FIGURE OUT IF
THIS IS THE BEST GAME PLAY HERE.
I LOVE YOU.
OH, MY GOD!
I FELT SO CERTAIN UNTIL, LIKE,
30 MINUTES AGO.
I WAS LIKE, BOOM, HE NEEDS TO
GO.
HE BROUGHT UP SOME REALLY,
REALLY, REALLY GOOD POINTS.
GOODNESS GRACIOUS.
UP NEXT, XAVIER IS
RELEASED FROM HIS 24-HOUR
STRATEGY SHUTDOWN PUNISHMENT,
JUST IN TIME TO CAST HIS VOTE TO
EVICT.
CLAIRE OR DEREK X.
THE LIVE VOTE AND EVICTION WHEN
WE RETURN.
STAY WITH US.
WELCOME BACK TO "BIG
BROTHER."
CLAIRE OR DEREK X.?
WHO WILL BECOME THE NEXT MEMBER
OF THE JURY?
LET'S HEAD TO THE LIVING ROOM
AND TALK WITH THE TWO NOMINEES.
HELLO, HOUSEGUESTS.
HELLO, HELLO.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
YES!
OH, GOOD.
BECAUSE I COULD NOT HEAR YOU.
LIVE TELEVISION.
DON'T YOU LOVE IT?
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE, IT'S TIME
FOR THE LIVE VOTE AND EVICTION.
CLAIRE, DEREK X.
DEREK X., MAY I CALL YOU BABY
"D."
I'LL TAKE THAT AS A YES.
YES.
OKAY, THANK YOU.
CLAIRE, BABY "D," IN JUST
MOMENTS YOUR HOUSEMATES WILL
CAST THEIR VOTES TO EVICT LIVE.
BUT BEFORE THEY DO, YOU EACH
HAVE A FINAL CHANCE TO SWAY
THEIR VOTES WITH ONE BRIEF
STATEMENT.
CLAIRE, YOU'RE UP FIRST.
MOM, DAD, TAILOR, ADDIE, AT
LEAST ONE OF US CAN REMEMBER
YOUR NAME.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
TEAM "E" FOREVER.
HOUSEGUESTS THIS HAS BEEN SUCH A
PLEASURE SO FAR.
AND, YOU KNOW, BRITINI REALLY
SAID IT BEST-- THIS IS AN
INDIVIDUAL GAME, AND SO IF YOU
THINK THAT IN THIS GAME I CAN BE
AN ASSET TO YOU, THEN PLEASE
KEEP-- VOTE TO KEEP ME HERE.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE NEVER BEEN THE
VETO QUEEN OR KING.
AND I HAVEN'T HAD THAT MANY
WINS, BUT I WOULD LOVE TO KEEP
MY LIFE IN THIS GAME A LITTLE
BIT LONGER.
THANK YOU, ALL, SO MUCH.
THANK YOU, CLAIRE.
ALL RIGHT, BABY "D."
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FRIEND AND
FAMILY, EVERYBODY BACK HOME.
FOLLOW "EAT REMY" ON INSTAGRAM.
HOUSEGUESTS, IN "BIG BROTHER" I
BELIEVE THERE ARE INFLECTION
POINTS THAT CHANGE THE COURSE OF
THE GAME.
I SAW THE FIRST INFLECTION POINT
IN TEAM FIVE WHEN THERE WAS A
STRONG TEAM OF FOUR MOVING INTO
JOURNEY AND I MADE A MOVE TO
TAKE OUT ONE OF THEM.
THAT WAS BAD FOR MY PERSONAL
GAME BUT I THOUGHT IT CREATED A
MORE FAIR HOUSE.
THIS WEEK I SEE A SECOND POINT.
IF I STAY, I CAN PROMISE I WILL
TAKE THIS PERSON OUT, AND I WILL
BE YOUR BIGGEST SHIELD.
I KNOW THAT BY SAYING THIS, IF
YOU DO KEEP ME, I'M NOT LONG FOR
THE GAME.
BUT RIGHT NOW, I JUST WANT TO
PLAY THIS GAME SO I CAN GIVE THE
PEOPLE I CARE ABOUT AS FAIR A
SHOT AS POSSIBLE AT WINNING IT.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, IT'S TIME FOR THE
LIVE VOTING TO BEGIN.
SARAH BETH, AS CURRENT HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD, YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO
VOTE.
AND AS ALWAYS, NEITHER ARE THE
TWO NOMINEES.
ONE AT A TIME, THE REST OF YOU
WILL ENTER THE DIARY ROOM AND
CAST YOUR VOTE TO EVICT.
ALYSSA, YOU ARE UP FIRST.
PLEASE GO TO THE DIARY ROOM.
ALYSSA IS TIGHT WITH XAVIER, AND
XAVIER WANTS DEREK X. GONE.
HI, ALYSSA.
HI, JULIE.
PLEASE CAST YOUR
VOTE TO EVICT.
I VOTE TO EVICT DEREK X.
THANK YOU.
EVERYONE, PLEASE FOLLOW MOLLY
- BIRD.
- SWIM ON INSTAGRAM.
DEREK X. IS HANNAH'S
NUMBER TWO IN THE GAME, BUT
SHE'S ALWAYS SAID THAT THE
COOKOUT COMES FIRST.
LET'S SEE WHAT SHE DOES.
HELLO, HANNAH.
HI, JULIE CHEN MOONVES.
YOU LOOK STUNNING, AS PER USUAL.
YOU TOOK THE WORDS
OUT OF MY MOUTH FOR YOU.
PLEASE CAST YOUR VOTE TO EVICT.
JULIE CHEN MOONVES, I VOTE TO
EVICT CLAIRE.
I LOVE YOU, MOM, DAD, SIMONE,
AND GRAMMY.
THANK YOU.
THANKS, JULIE.
CURRENTLY, THE VOTE
IS ONE VOTE TO EVICT CLAIRE, ONE
VOTE TO EVICT DEREK X.
THE REMAINING VOTES WHEN WE
RETURN.
STAY WITH US.
WELCOME BACK TO "BIG
BROTHER."
THE HOUSEGUESTS ARE CURRENTLY
VOTING TO EVICT EITHER CLAIRE OR
DEREK X.
AND WITH ONE VOTE EACH, IT'S
CURRENTLY A TIE.
LET'S CONTINUE WITH THE LIVE
VOTING.
THE H.O.H. IS KYLAND'S NUMBER
TWO IN THE GAME, BUT HE'S ALSO
CLOSE WITH DEREK X.
WHAT WILL KYLAND DO TONIGHT?
HI, KYLAND.
HEY, MISS JULIE.
YOU LOOK STUNNING.
THOSE EARRINGS ARE AMAZING.
THANK YOU, THANK
YOU.
PLEASE CAST YOUR VOTE TO EVICT.
I GOT TO SEND LOVE TO MY BOY
DX, SO I SADLY VOTE TO EVICT
CLAIRE.
THANK YOU.
TARA, BRETT, DARNELL, LOVE
YOU ALL, JON.
DEREK F. SEES DEREK
X. AS A COMPETITIVE THREAT.
IS THIS HIS OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE
HIM OUT?
HELLO, BIG K.
YO, JULIE, WHAT'S UP, BABY?
PLEASE CAST YOUR
VOTE TO EVICT.
I SADLY VOTE TO EVICT DEREK
X.
THANK YOU.
SHOUT OUT TO PHILLY.
LOVE YOU!
TIFFANY'S NUMBER TWO
IS CLAIRE, BUT SHE KNOWS THAT
KEEPING DEREK X. IS BEST FOR HER
GAME.
WHERE WILL HER VOTE LAND?
HELLO, TIFFANY.
HI, JULIE.
PLEASE CAST YOUR
VOTE TO EVICT.
WITH A VERY HEAVY HEART, I
VOTE TO EVICT DEREK X.
THANK YOU.
CRYSTAL, TRICIA, CHRISTIAN,
CARLO, MOM, I LOVE YOU.
SHOUTOUT TO DETROIT!
DID DEREK X.'S PITCH
TO AZAH WORK?
IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT.
HELLO, AZAH.
HI, JULIE!
PLEASE CAST YOUR
VOTE TO EVICT.
I SADLY VOTE TO EVICT BABY D.
THANK YOU.
CONGRATULATIONS, FRAN, MY NEW
BROTHER-IN-LAW, CONGRATS ON YOUR
UNION!
IT'S OFFICIAL, WITH
FOUR VOTES TO EVICT BABY D.,
BABY D., ALSO KNOWN AS DEREK X.,
WILL LEAVE THE HOUSE TONIGHT.
BUT LET'S SEE HOW XAVIER VOTES.
OKAY, XAVIER.
LOVE THE HAIR.
YOUR 24-HOUR STRATEGY SHUTDOWN
PUNISHMENT IS OFFICIALLY OVER.
AS THEY SAY ON "THE PRICE IS
RIGHT," "COME ON DOWN!"
COME ON DOWN.
HEAD DIRECTLY TO THE DIARY ROOM
AND CAST YOUR VOTE.
WE ARE ON LIVE TELEVISION,
XAVIER.
DON'T TRIP, BUT PLEASE, YOU
KNOW,...
OKAY, KEEP GOING TO
THE D.R.
KEEP GOING TO THE D.R.
[ LAUGHTER ].
XAVIER HAS SPENT
LAST 24 HOURS CUT OFF FROM ANY
STRATEGY SURROUNDING TONIGHT'S
EVICTION.
DID THE TIME ALONE CHANGE HIS
MIND?
XAVIER, HOW ARE YOU HOLDING UP?
YOU LOOK GREAT.
I'M DOING GROOVY.
I SEE THAT.
PLEASE CAST YOUR VOTE TO EVICT.
I VOTE TO EVICT THE
SWAGGADELIC DEREK X.
THANK YOU.
PEACE, LOVE, AND COCOA
BUTTER.
ALL OF THE VOTES ARE
IN.
LET'S GIVE THE NEWS TO THE
HOUSEGUESTS.
HOUSEGUESTS, VOTES ARE IN--
SETTLE DOWN, PLEASE.
WHEN I REVEAL THE VOTE, THE
EVICTED HOUSEGUEST WILL HAVE
JUST A FEW MOMENTS TO SAY
GOOD-BYE, GATHER HIS OR HER
BELONGINGS, AND WALK OUT THE
FRONT DOOR.
BY A VOTE OF 5-2 TB, BABY D., YO
ARE EVICTED FROM THE "BIG
BROTHER" HOUSE.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
YOU ARE THE BEST BUDDY ANYBODY
COULD HAVE.
I'LL MISS HAMMOCK TIME.
I KNOW.
S.B., NO HARD FEELINGS.
.>> YOU'RE AMAZING.
OH, GOSH, OKAY.
I HAVE TO MAKE SURE I DON'T CRY
HERE.
I LOVE YOU, KIDDIE.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
YOU ARE AMAZING.
OH, IS THIS FOR ME?
[ LAUGHTER ].
GIVE ME A BREAK.
YOU ARE AWESOME.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
YOU HAVE THE BEST PERSONALITY IN
THIS HOUSE, KIDDO.
YOU'RE LEAVING ME HERE WITH
THESE PEOPLE.
SHE'S GOING TO MAKE ME CRY.
LISTEN, I LOVE YOU, DERRICK.
I LOVE YOU, "D."
I'M GOING TO TAKE MY NAME BACK
NOW.
YOU'RE AMAZING.
I DID, DID I.
YOU ARE THE BEST NUMBER ONE I
COULD HAVE.
THANK YOU!
I'M ACTUALLY THE WORST,
BUT...
LOVE YOU!
BYE, BRO!
YOU ARE AMAZING, DEREK!
BYE, DEREK!
BYE!
BE CAREFUL.
AIR HUG.
OKAY, AIR HUG.
HAVE A SEAT.
I'M GOING TO STOP CALLING YOU
THAT NICKNAME.
I CAN TELL YOU DON'T LIKE IT.
I DON'T MIND.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT CAUGHT ON
LIKE THAT.
I CAN SAY NOTHING.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S TALK ABOUT
THIS GAME.
THIS HAS BEEN A BAD WEEK FOR
YOU.
IT WAS ROUGH.
A WEEK AGO TONIGHT
YOU LOST OUTER TO SARAH BETH TO
BECOME CURRENT H.O.H. BY A
FRACTION OF A SECOND.
I KNOW.
THEN YOU HAD TWO
OPPORTUNITIES TO MAYBE WIN
SAFETY.
SALT IN THE WOUND!
I'M SORRY.
WE HAVE TO SPELL IT OUT TO
PEOPLE.
THE FIRST OPPORTUNITY YOU TURNED
DOWN BY CHOOSING NOT TO PLAY IN
THE HIGH ROLLERS ROOM.
OKAY.
CHOPPING BLOCK ROULETTE, EVEN
THOUGH YOU HAD THE MONEY TO
PLAY.
THE SECOND TIME YOU COULD HAVE
MAYBE GOTTEN SAFETY WAS THE
P.O.V., BUT YOU WEREN'T PICKED
TO PLAY.
YEAH.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING
RIGHT NOW?
OBVIOUSLY, YOU CAN TELL FROM
MY FACIAL REACTIONS IT SUCKS.
I HAVE SO MUCH REGRET FROM THIS
WEEK.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT A LONG-TERM
GAME, WHEN I DIDN'T REALIZE MY
SHORT-TERM GAME WAS AT RISK.
ALL I CAN DO NOW IS HOPE THERE'S
A BATTLE BACK.
AND NO RISK, NO REWARD.
BUT I TOOK A LITTLE BIT TOO MUCH
RISK.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO
SAY TO AMERICA?
AMERICA VOTED TWO WEEKS IN A ROW
TO GIVE YOU THE TOP AMOUNT THAT
THEY COULD HAVE TO PLAY IN THE
HIGH ROLLER'S ROOM, 100 B.B.
BUCKS EACH WEEK.
AMERICA, I LOVE YOU ALL SO
MUCH.
THANK YOU FOR VOTING FOR ME.
I'M SO SORRY IF I LET YOU DOWN.
I FEEL STUPID, BUT I TRIED MY
BEST IN THERE.
IN THE FINAL MOMENTS
OF THIS INTERVIEW, WE SAW YOU
AND HANNAH GREW VERY CLOSE.
IT LOOKED LIKE THERE COULD BE A
SHOWMANCE, BUT BOTH OF YOU ARE
VERY GAME FOCUSED.
YEAH.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YEAH, IT'S EXACTLY THAT.
WE'RE SUPER GAME FOCUSED.
LOOK, HANNAH IS AMAZING.
I LOVE HER A LOT, BUT IN THERE,
YOU REALLY HAVE TO HAVE 100% OF
YOUR ENERGY FOCUSED ON THE GAME
OR YOU END UP SITTING IN THIS
CHAIR, HONESTLY.
SO WE BOTH HAVE OUR HEAD IN THE
SAME PLACE.
DOES THAT MEAN
OUTSIDE THE HOUSE THE TWO OF YOU
MIGHT START DATING?
EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED.
OOOH!
DEREK X.!
I LOVE IT!
THROWING THAT BACK AT ME!
ALL RIGHT, DON'T GO TOO FAR.
OKAY.
I HAVE MORE
QUESTIONS FOR YOU AFTER WE GET
OFF THE AIR.
ALL RIGHT.
STAY RIGHT THERE
RIGHT NOW.
TO SEE MY EXTENDED INTERVIEW
WITH DEREK X. AND ALL THE
GOOD-BYE MESSAGES GO TO "BIG
BROTHER WATCH PARTY."
OR "BIG BROTHER'S" INSTAGRAM
PAGE.
IT'S TIME TO CROWN A NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD LIVE, BUT FIRST,
EARLIER THIS WEEK, THE
HOUSEGUESTS PUT THE GAME ON HOLD
SO THEY COULD WORK TOGETHER AND
DONATE THEIR TIME TO ASSEMBLE
LIFE-SAVING EMERGENCY KITS UNDER
THE AMERICAN RED CROSS.
AND IN HONOR OF CBS' PARTNERSHIP
WITH THE RED CROSS, I'M EXCITED
TO ANNOUNCE "BIG BROTHER" WILL
BE DONATING $100 FOR EVERY BAG
THE HOUSEGUESTS MADE.
THAT'S A TOTAL OF $10,000 TO
HELP THE RED CROSS WITH THEIR
CRUCIAL WORK.
WE INVITE YOU TO EXPLORE THE
WAYS YOU CAN GET INVOLVED AND
JOIN CBS IN BECOMING A NATION OF
DOERS BY DOING YOUR HART TO HELP
OTHERS.
CBS INVITES YOU TO BE A
NATION OF DOERS, DOING YOUR BEST
AND DOING YOUR PART TO HELP
OTHERS.
JOIN THE PARTNERSHIP OF CBS AND
THE AMERICAN RED CROSS TO HELP
SUPPORT COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE
COUNTRY WITH CRITICAL RESOURCES
NEEDED NOW.
YOUR DONATION OF TIME AND
RESOURCES WILL MAKE A BIG
DINCHES.
DIFFERENCE.
DOERS, IT'S TIME TO UNITE.
-- LEARN MORE AT REDCROSS.
- ORG/
- CBS.
WELCOME BACK TO "BIG
BROTHER."
EARLIER, THE HOUSEGUESTS HAD A
SHORT TIME TO STUDY THE MEMORY
WALL KNOWING THAT THE CONTENTS
DISPLAYED THERE WOULD BE CRUCIAL
TO WINNING TONIGHT'S HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD COMPETITION.
DEFINITELY GOING TO BED EARLY
TONIGHT.
UH-HUH.
WHAT IS THIS?
B.B. NFT'S DROPPING SOON.
OH, MY GOSH!
NFT'S.
I SEE THE MEMORY WALL CHANGE
AND IT SAYS B.B. NFT'S DROPPING
SOON.
WHAT ARE NFT'S?
NFT'S ARE LIKE PHOTOS OR
GIFs.
YOU KNOW WHAT A GIF IS?
GIVES OF US!
I'M SUPER EXCITED.
AS A SUPER FAN OF THIS SHOW I
KNOW THIS HAS TO DO WITH THE
H.O.H. COMPETITION COMING UP.
OH, NO!
YES!
SORRY.
OH, MY GOD!
THE MOON WALK!
WATCH THE ARMS, AZAH, WATCH
THE ARMS!
OH, HERE IT IS.
I TRIED!
WHEN I WIN THAT $750,000, THE
FIRST THING THAT I'M PURCHASING
IS THAT MOON WALK NFT FOR
$5,000.
I'M TRYING TO GET THAT
OBLITERATED FROM THE INTERNET.
I LOVE SEEING ALL OF THESE
NFTs-- OTEV.
THE FACE MASK.
BUT THIS IS NOT ALL FUN AND
GAMES.
I HAVE TO MEMORIZE ALL OF THESE
VIDEOS IF I WANT TO BE PREPARED
TO WIN THE H.O.H. COMPETITION.
THIS IS HARD.
IT'S TIME FOR THE
LIVE HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD
COMPETITION.
FREE FROM THE THREAT OF
EVICTION, THE H.O.H. MUST PUT
TWO NOMINEES ON THE CHOPPING
BLOCK.
LET'S HEAD TO THE BACKYARD AND
GET THINGS STARTED.
HOUSEGUESTS, THE POWER IS UP FOR
GRABS.
SARAH BETH, AS OUTGOING HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE
TO COMPETE TONIGHT.
THIS COMPETITION IS CALLED "B.B.
NFTs," AND HERE'S HOW IT
WORKS.
EARLIER, YOU HAD TIME TO STUDY
NFTs ON THE MEMORY WALL.
I WILL NOW ASK YOU A SERIES OF
TRUE OR FALSE QUESTIONS ABOUT
THOSE NFTs.
GET THE ANSWER RIGHT, YOU STAY
IN THE GAME.
GET THE ANSWER WRONG, AND YOU
WILL IMMEDIATELY BE ELIMINATED.
THE LAST PERSON STANDING AFTER
SEVEN QUESTIONS WILL BECOME THE
NEW HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD.
IF WE HAVE A TIE AFTER ALL THE
QUESTIONS ARE ASKED, WE WILL GO
TO A THAI BREAKER.
NOW, YOU WERE TOLD THAT THERE
WOULD BE OPPORTUNITIES FOR YOU
TO WIN EXTRA B.B. BUCKS IN
COMPETITIONS.
WELL, THIS IS ONE OF THEM.
AFTER THIS COMPETITION, I NEED
EACH OF YOU TO PICK UP AN
ENVELOPE FROM THE PEDESTAL.
INSIDE ARE DIFFERENT
DENOMINATIONS OF B.B. BUCKS.
SOME ENVELOPES CONTAIN 50 B.B.
BUCKS.
OTHERS, 100.
YOU WILL OPEN THEM SECRETLY WHEN
YOU ENTER THE HIGH ROLLERS ROOM
LATER THIS WEEK.
DOES EVERYONE UNDERSTAND?
YES.
EXCELLENT.
THEN LET'S BEGIN.
TRUE OR FALSE.
IN THE MASKS WILL NFT, CHRISTIAN
WAS WEARING THE VETO MEDALLION.
IN THE MASKS NFT, CHRISTIAN WAS
WEARING THE VETO MEDALLION.
ANSWERS, PLEASE.
EVERYONE LOCK IN YOUR ANSWER.
ANSWERS ARE NOW CONSIDERED
LOCKED.
THE CORRECT ANSWER IS TRUE.
HE WAS.
WILL THE FOLLOWING PEOPLE RESET
AND THEN STEP DOWN-- HOLD ON
NOW, AZAH.
XAVIER, AZAH, CLAIRE, THE THREE
OF YOU NEED TO RESET-- OH,
XAVIER, CAN YOU RESET?
THANK YOU.
EVERYONE CAN RESET AS WE MOVE ON
TO QUESTION TWO.
TRUE OR FALSE, IN THE "SLIPPY
SLIDEY" NFT, BRITINI WAS SEEN
SEARCHING THROUGH THE ORANGE
JELLY.
IN THE "SLIPPY SLIDEY" NFT,
BRITINI WAS SEEN SEARCHING
THROUGH WANT ORANGE JELLY.
ANSWERS, PLEASE.
ROCK IN YOUR ANSWERS.
LOCK IN ANSWERS.
I NEED A FINAL ANSWER.
OKAY.
LOCK IN ANSWERS.
IT IS NOW CONSIDERED LOCKED.
NO CHANGING AT THIS POINT.
CORRECT ANSWER IS FALSE.
IT WAS PURPLE JELLY.
DEREK F. AND KYLAND, RESET AND
STEP DOWN.
TIFFANY, ALYSSA, HANNAH, LADIES,
ALL OF YOU CAN RESET.
RESET.
THANK YOU.
AS WE MOVE ON TO QUESTION THREE.
TRUE OR FALSE, IN THE "FLIP-IN"
NFT, AN INFLATABLE PINK FLAMINGO
WAS VISIBLE.
IN THE "FLIP-IN" NFT, AN
INFLATABLE PINK FLAMINGO WAS
VISIBLE.
ANSWERS, PLEASE.
LOCK IN YOUR ANSWERS.
ANSWERS ARE CONSIDERED LOCKED.
TRUE.
YOU ALL GOT IT RIGHT.
YOU ALL STAY IN THE GAME.
RESET, LADIES, AS WE MOVE ON TO
QUESTION FOUR.
TRUE OR FALSE, THE "SPIN" NFT
WAS SHOWN IN SEQUENCE BEFORE THE
MOON WALK NFT.
AGAIN, THE "SPIN" NFT WAS SHOWN
IN SEQUENCE BEFORE THE MOON WALK
NFT.
ANSWERS, PLEASE.
LOCK IN YOUR ANSWERS.
ANSWERS ARE NOW CONSIDERED
LOCKED.
THE CORRECT ANSWER IS TRUE.
CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU, TIFFANY.
YAY!
[ APPLAUSE ].
YOU'RE THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
YES, YOU ARE.
ALL RIGHT, HOUSEGUESTS, LISTEN
UP.
I KNOW YOU'RE ALL CELEBRATING,
OR I KNOW TIFFANY IS
CELEBRATING.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN UP,
HOUSEGUESTS.
DO NOT FORGET, I NEED EVERYONE
TO GRAB AN ENVELOPE ON YOUR WAY
BACK INTO THE HOUSE.
AWESOME JOB!
SO, TIFFANY IS NOW
IN POWER.
BUT HER REIGN COULD BE SECRETLY
TAKEN OVER.
THAT DEPENDS ON HOW THE COIN OF
DESTINY PLAYS OUT.
HERE'S HOW TO VOTE AND SEND B.B.
BUCKS TO YOUR FAVORITE
HOUSEGUEST.
IT'S TIME FOR AMERICA'S VOTE.
THE HOUSEGUESTS ARE HEADING BACK
TO THE HIGH ROLLERS ROOM ONE
LAST TIME WHERE THE FINAL POWER
COULD MAKE OR BREAK A PLAYER'S
GAME.
BUT IF A HOUSEGUEST WANTS A
CHANCE TO PLAY FOR THE "COIN OF
DESTINY" INSIDE THE HIGH
ROLLER'S ROOM, THEY'LL NEED A
BANKROLL OF B.B. BUCKS.
THAT'S WHERE YOU COME IN,
AMERICA.
YOU GET TO VOTE FOR THE
HOUSEGUEST THAT YOU WANT TO
AWARD WITH THE MOST B.B. BUCKS.
THE TOP THREE VOTE-GETTING
HOUSEGUESTS WILL RECEIVE 100
B.B. BUCKS.
THE NEXT THREE WILL RECEIVE 75.
AND EVERYONE ELSE WILL RECEIVE
50 B.B. BUCKS TO USE IN THE HIGH
ROLLER'S ROOM.
TO PICK WHICH HOUSEGUEST YOU
WANT TO SEE GET THE MOST B.B.
BUCKS THIS WEEK, TEXT THE
HOUSEGUEST'S NAME TO 97979.
AND VOTE NOW.
MESSAGE AND DATA RATES MAY
APPLY.
MAXIMUM 10 VOTES DEVICE.
VOTES WILL BE ACCEPTED UNTIL
AUGUST 27, 9:00 P.M. PACIFIC
TIME.
WELCOME BACK TO "BIG
BROTHER."
LET'S HEAD TO THE LIVING ROOM
AND TALK WITH THE HOUSEGUESTS.
HELLO AGAIN, EVERYONE.
HI, JULIE!
AND A BIG
CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU, TIFFANY,
ON WINNING HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD.
[ APPLAUSE ].
YAY!
HOW DOES IT FEEL?
AMAZING.
I'M STILL IN SHOCK.
I'M VERY PROUD AND THANKFUL AND
GRATEFUL.
THOSE PRAYERS WORKED.
AH.
PRAYER DOES WORK.
PRAYER WORKS.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING
FORWARD TO MOST FROM HOME?
WITHOUT CRYING, I WANT TO SEE
PICTURES.
AND, OF COURSE, I WANT A LETTER
FROM MAMA PAT, SO I HOPE I GET
IT.
AND CORRECT ME IF
I'M WRONG, THIS IS YOUR FIRST
H.O.H.?
YES, JULIE.
OKAY, WHAT'S THAT
LOOK FOR?
BECAUSE IT'S ALL BEEN MEN,
EXCEPT SARAH BEC BETH WAS THE FI
SO WE STARTED THIS WAVE OF WOMEN
SO I HOPE WE KEEP IT GOING.
[ APPLAUSE ].
WE SHALL SEE,
HOUSEGUESTS, WE SHALL SEE.
CLAIRE, I WANT TO TURN TO YOU.
YOU SURVIVED THE NIGHT.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
OH!
SO STRESSED.
BUT I FEEL GOOD GOOD, YOU KNOW.
SAD ABOUT BABY "D" LEAVING, OF
COURSE, BUT VERY, INVESTIGATOR
GRATEFUL AND THANKFUL THAT ALL
THESE PEOPLE-- OTHER THAN TWO--
VOTED FOR ME TO STAY.
[ LAUGHTER ].
ALL RIGHT, QUICK
SURPRISE.
NO HAVE-NOTES THIS WEEK.
GOOD NIGHT, HOUSEGUESTS.
GOOD NIGHT, JULIE!
TUNE IN SUNDAY TO
SEE WHO TIFFANY NOMINATES FOR
EVICTION.
AND TO SEE IF TIFFANY'S REIGN AS
HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD IS UPENDED BY
THE COIN OF DESTINY...
DESTINY... DESTINY... DESTINY.
MAKING MYSELF LAUGH.
THEN, WE'RE BACK WEDNESDAY AND
THURSDAY AT 8:00, 7:00 CENTRAL.
CATCH ALL THE HOUSEGUESTS IN
ACTION 24 HOURS A DAY BY
SUBSCRIBING TO PARAMOUNT+.
-- GO TO PARAMOUNTPLUS.
- COM/
- BBLF, TO
GET THE LIVE FEEDS AND MORE.
FOR NOW, LET'S EAVES CROP ON THE
HOUSEGUESTS.
FROM OUTSIDE THE "BIG BROTHER"
HOUSE, I'M JULIE CHEN MOONVES.
BE HUMBLE.
GOOD NIGHT.
I CAN'T EVEN SHOW THEM THE
ROOM!
COME ON!
WE NEED TO SEE XAVIER'S ROOM.
THEY WON'T EVEN GET TO SEE
IT.
THAT'S RUDE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
A TENT-A-POTTY.
DID IT FLUSH?